Adding storage gloss terms (#335)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/h.adoc

*See also*: xref:high-availability-noun[high availability]

[[high-availability-cluster]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] high-availability cluster (noun)

> *Description*: A group of physical or virtual machines that can share work between themselves in order to allow services and resources to be available even if one or more machines in the cluster is offline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: A _high-availability cluster_ is a group of physical or virtual machines that can share work in order to allow services and resources to be available even if one or more machines in the cluster is offline.
```

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

> *See also*:

Reviewer: Add xref to `availability` entry

*Incorrect forms*: HyperVisor, Hyperviser

*See also*:

[[hyperconverged-cluster]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] hyperconverged cluster (noun)

> *Description*: A generic term to refer to the set of physical machines providing compute and storage capabilities in a Red Hat Hyperconverged Infrastructure for Virtualization (RHHI-V) or Red Hat Hyperconverged Infrastructure for Cloud (RHHI-C) cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: A _hyperconverged cluster_ is a generic phrase that refers to the set of physical machines providing compute and storage capabilities in a Red Hat Hyperconverged Infrastructure for Virtualization (RHHI-V) or Red Hat Hyperconverged Infrastructure for Cloud (RHHI-C) cluster.
```
